[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to zip through the
made-for-tv classic dark night of the
scarecrow if you find yourself in need
of tips on how to remain on the outside
of an active threshing machine please
consider subscribing to the channel
let's get to it
[Music]
we opened on Bubba a simple man with the
mind of a child
he's been befriended by Mary Lee the two
of them are singing and playing in a
field of wildflowers they finished their
neck wreaths and she insists on the
customary cheek kiss that accompany is
such a gift
unfortunately this lewd act is witnessed
by old man Otis the bird-watching
postman who immediately screws off to
relish in the tasty drama sure to ensue
from this news
unfortunately no one else is as
disturbed by the news although they are
willing to put the boots to him if and
it's needed
Otis understanding that any remediation
would be temporary due to Bubba's poor
memory is beginning to ponder a more
permanent resolution to the problem
created within his own mind soon Bubba
and Mary Lee find themselves in a
forbidden garden which Bubba wisely
refuses to enter Mary Lee however
chooses to exercise her child privilege
entertaining him from a distance
pantomiming is a bird and a bird bath
and getting mauled by a dog Bubba gets
her home but fears he was too late and
understands dimly in the back of his
mind that this don't look good
sure enough Otis gets wind of Mary Lee's
death and goes straight to his gun
drawer before closing shop and calling
up the posse Gator because he's got the
truck snake legs who brings the tracking
hounds and fatter oh because he's always
down for whatever Bubba gets home and
tells momma the townsmen are after him
again so she convinces him to play the
hiding game and then waits soon enough
the men show up having tracked him
through the woods they've got the
bloodlust something fierce but they're
mighty tired and they asked Miss Ritter
to cough mop under the authority of the
Postmaster General she refuses so they
followed the dogs which lead them to a
scarecrow in a field seeing the
scarecrows got eyes Otis leads his men
in the time-honored tradition of
enacting vigilante justice this is then
followed by the time-honored tradition
of learning they were overeager II and
got it completely wrong as the culprit
was a dog and it wasn't actually that
bad
Mary Lee is fine and recovering at the
clinic and so Otis attempts to cover
their tracks right as
wind blows through flash-forward to the
small town court proceedings being good
men who contribute to the town the judge
decides to let them go but only so long
as they absolutely promise they gave
Bubba the chance to surrender I want you
to tell them whether you are these men
gave the deceased a chance to surrender
himself yes run several times I mean
they promised and everything and that
ain't nothing they get a good scolding
by mama but then a huge pat on the back
by the whole town yeah whole town ass
and they enjoy some finger-lickin
chicken as a universe prepares to compel
them to reap what they sow merely
ignorant of Bubba's fate goes to see her
friend technically yes she lets herself
in eventually finding MS Ritter who
tells her about Bubba being gone forever
never to return but she seems to fail to
pick up on the death fight when she runs
out to their place spot and whimsically
implies it he's just playing the hiding
game over time things get back to normal
until heartless discovers an unsolicited
scarecrow and his unplanted field
he immediately blames the boys assuming
he's now low man on the totem pole with
Bubba gone but they insist they're on
the level they arrive at the halfway
house where Otis lives to confer with
him witchcraft being an immediate
concern but the oat man suspects the DEA
the presumption being he's looking to
shake loose some evidence so he
recommends they keep their head on a
swivel and stop meeting up under
suspicious circumstances Arliss gets
home drunk off his ass and finds the
prop now empty and his courage returned
but there's a disturbance in the barn he
investigates following the noise up to
the loft and then gets real dramatic
about falling into the now act of
Thresher the boys find themselves in an
absolute tizzy about the events Otis
tries to brush it off until the question
is asked if heartless was alone then who
pray tell turned off the Thresher
afterward so they do their own
investigation and find that sure enough
the Thresher has a wet tips worth the
petrol still in it confirming someone
else had to have turned it off so when
delivering a package he shakes down Miss
Ritter for info suspecting her of
engaging in extra judicial justice
something he doesn't approve of one bit
when it's turned against him but she
runs him off with accusations of his
desires toward young girls leader that
evening Philby emerges from work after
polishing off his nightly elephant ear
and learns he's next but
it's all good because Otis is on the
case already beating some bushes around
the local child population trying to
ascertain some info from the pranksters
circuit marylee lets him know that she
knows what he done and says Bubba told
her he seems to be shocked by her
knowledge of the events as if the whole
town hadn't previously congratulated him
on his successful rage murder he tries
to trick away the inner turmoil but his
libations are ruined when his sweaty
pals rush in and tell him would Phil be
done seen spooked to find the Scarecrow
missing the boys suggest a no sleep
slumber party but Otis has a better plan
assuming Miss Ritter must be the one
feeding all this info to marylee he goes
to threaten her until she stops pranking
his boys but he accidentally kills her
now he just needs to make sure he covers
his tracks in the way out and that
shouldn't do it the following night
Philby is finishing his workday when he
hears someone riland the swine he runs
out with his Hickory stick achieving
nearly perfect swatting form however
when he sees a figure in his office he's
drained of courage and very
intelligently locks himself in the grain
silo and then it's corn for dinner
hope you like corn looks like corns back
on the menus boys or something and Otis
breaks the news to Skeeter who loses his
damn mind but he manages to bring him
back down and convince him they need to
rule out Bubba himself as the culprit so
they go to the cemetery for some good
old-fashioned desecration with the body
present in the coffin notice is now
convinced it must be merely what's
behind these shenanigans and Skeeter
again unravels
Otis promises to go to the police to
placate him right after he gets done
closing up that their casket and fill in
the hole while distracted with this task
Otis reveals his actual designs to have
Skeeter keep of a company in perpetuity
he then drives home drunk and runs off
the road to avoid Mary Lee then pursuing
her into the pumpkin patch when he lays
hands on her Bubba gets summoned he
magically pilots the tractor in Otis's
general direction with Otis now left to
assume the corporate must be Sam the
DA's since everyone else is either dead
or accounted for it he pleads with him
to be reasonable instead he served dose
of poetic justice as he's run down
slowly until he impales himself on a
pitchfork representing what will become
the final service of retribution through
forced accident the movie that ends with
Bubba's calming reassurance from Mary
Lee that there's nothing to fear in life
because the afterlife clearly exists
I wasn't expecting to have a couplet of
movies this week anchored around grown
men with the mental capacity of a child
but it makes for an interesting
comparison because the disparity in
quality between this film and unhinged
is staggering Dark Knight of the
Scarecrow has one of the most structured
and well-thought-out scripts I've ever
broken down kudos to everyone involved
in making this TV movie if you enjoyed
the video I'd love for you to become
part of the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching
[Music]